<p>
    WELCOME TO Mechpages. We hope you find it useful. By accessing our servers, websites, or content therefrom
    (together, "Mechpages"), you agree to these Terms of Use ("TOU"), last updated October 26, 2015.
    <br><br>
    LICENSE. If you are 18 or older, we grant you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive, nonassignable, nonsublicensable
    license to access Mechpages in compliance with the TOU; unlicensed access is unauthorized. You agree not to license,
    distribute, make derivative works, display, sell, or "frame" content from Mechpages, excluding content you create
    and sharing with friends/family. You grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, unlimited, worldwide, fully
    paid/sublicensable license to use, copy, perform, display, distribute, and make derivative works from content you
    post.
    <br><br>
    USE. You agree not to use or provide software (except for general purpose web browsers and email clients, or
    software expressly licensed by us) or services that interact or interoperate with Mechpages, e.g. for downloading,
    uploading, posting, flagging, emailing, search, or mobile use. Robots, spiders, scripts, scrapers, crawlers, etc.
    are prohibited, as are misleading, unsolicited, unlawful, and/or spam postings/email. You agree not to collect
    users' personal and/or contact information ("PI").
    <br><br>
    MODERATION. You agree we may moderate Mechpages access and use in our sole discretion, e.g. by blocking (e.g. IP
    addresses), filtering, deletion, delay, omission, verification, and/or access/account/license termination. You agree
    (1) not to bypass said moderation, (2) we are not liable for moderating, not moderating, or representations as to
    moderating, and (3) nothing we say or do waives our right to moderate, or not. All site rules are incorporated
    herein.
    <br><br>
    SALES. You authorize us to charge your account for Mechpages fees. Unless noted, fees are in US dollars; tax is
    additional. To the extent permitted by law, fees are nonrefundable, even for posts we remove. We may refuse
    purchases, which may place a hold on your account.
    <br><br>
    ACCOUNT REGISTRATION. You agree to provide true, accurate, and complete information on all registration and other
    forms you access on the Site or provide to us and to update your information to maintain its truthfulness, accuracy,
    and completeness. You must not provide false or misleading information about your location. You must not provide
    false or misleading information about your business, your skills, or the services your business provides. You must
    not register for more than one Client Account and one Mechanic Account without express written permission from us
    (except that you may register as an Agency Member of other Accounts as provided below). You must not ask or allow
    another person to create an Account on your behalf, for your use, or for your benefit.
    <br><br>
    FEEDBACK. For the benefit of other Users, Mechpages encourages you to leave objective balanced feedback about Users
    with whom you have transacted. You acknowledge and agree that feedback results for you will consist of comments,
    ratings, and other feedback left by other Users, and that Mechpages will make available to other Users, including
    composite feedback based on these individual ratings. Mechpages provides its public feedback system as a means
    through which Users can share their opinions publicly and Mechpages does not monitor or censor these opinions.
    Mechpages does not investigate any remarks posted by Users for accuracy or reliability but may do so if a User
    requests that Mechpages do so. You may be held legally responsible for damages suffered by other Users or third
    parties as a result of your remarks if such remarks are legally actionable or defamatory. Mechpages is not legally
    responsible for any feedback or comments posted or made available on the Site by any Users or third parties, even if
    that information is defamatory or otherwise legally actionable. In order to protect the integrity of the feedback
    system and protect Users from abuse, Mechpages reserves the right (but is under no obligation) to remove posted
    feedback or information that in Mechpages’s sole judgment violates the Terms of Service or negatively affects our
    community or operations.
    <br><br>
    IDENTITY VERIFICATION. When you register for an Account and from time to time thereafter, your Account will be
    subject to verification, including, but not limited to, validation against third-party databases or the verification
    of one or more official government or legal documents that confirm your identity. You authorize Mechpages, directly
    or through third parties, to make any inquiries necessary to validate your identity and confirm your ownership of
    your email address or financial accounts, subject to applicable law. When requested, you must provide us with
    information about you and your business when requested.
    <br><br>
    PURPOSE OF SITE. The Site is a classified advertisements website where Clients and Mechanics can identify each
    other. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Mechpages provides the Site Services to Clients and Mechanics,
    including hosting and maintaining the Site.
    <br><br>
    NO FEE FOR INTRODUCING OR FOR FINDING ENGAGEMENTS. Mechpages does not introduce Clients to Mechanics and does not
    help Mechanics secure Engagements. Mechpages merely makes the Site Services available to enable Mechanics to do so
    themselves. Therefore, Mechpages does not charge a fee when a Mechanic finds a suitable Client or finds an
    Engagement.
    <br><br>
    WORKER CLASSIFICATION. Client assumes all liability for determining whether Mechanics are independent contractors
    or employees and engaging them accordingly; Mechpages disclaims any liability for such determination or the related
    Engagement. This Agreement does not create a partnership or agency relationship between Client and Mechanic.
    Mechanic does not have authority to enter into written or oral (whether implied or express) contracts on behalf of
    Mechpages.
    <br><br>
    MECHPAGES' ROLE. You expressly acknowledge, agree, and understand that: (a) the Site is merely a venue where Users
    may act as Clients and/or Mechanics; (b) Mechpages is not a party to any Service Contracts between Clients and
    Mechanics; (c) you are not an employee of Mechpages, and Mechpages does not, in any way, supervise, direct, or
    control the Mechanic or Mechanic Services; (d) Mechpages will not have any liability or obligations under or related
    to Service Contracts or any acts or omissions by you or other Users; (e) Mechpages has no control over Mechanic or
    the Mechanic Services offered or rendered by Mechanics; and (f) Mechpages makes no representations as to the
    reliability, capability, or qualifications of any Mechanic or the quality, security, or legality of any Mechanic
    Services, and Mechpages disclaims any and all liability relating thereto.
    <br><br>
    THIRD-PARTY VERIFICATION. The Site makes available various services provided by third parties to verify a User’s
    credentials and provide other information. Any information or content expressed or made available by these third
    parties or any other Users is that of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of Mechpages. Mechpages
    neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, information, or
    statement made on the Site by anyone other than Mechpages' authorized employees acting in their official capacities.
    <br><br>
    DISCLAIMER. MANY JURISDICTIONS HAVE LAWS PROTECTING CONSUMERS AND OTHER CONTRACT PARTIES, LIMITING THEIR ABILITY TO
    WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES. WE RESPECT SUCH LAWS; NOTHING HEREIN SHALL WAIVE RIGHTS OR
    RESPONSIBILITIES THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED.
    <br><br>
    To the extent permitted by law, (1) we make no promise as to Mechpages, its completeness, accuracy, availability,
    timeliness, propriety, security or reliability; (2) your access and use are at your own risk, and Mechpages is
    provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE"; (3) we are not liable for any harm resulting from (a) user content; (b) user
    conduct, e.g. illegal conduct; (c) your Mechpages use; or (d) our representations; (4) WE AND OUR OFFICERS,
    DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES ("Mechpages ENTITIES"), DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES & CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; (5) Mechpages ENTITIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY
    INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS (E.G. OF PROFIT, REVENUE, DATA, OR
    GOODWILL); (6) IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED $100 OR WHAT YOU PAID US IN THE PAST YEAR.
    CLAIMS. You agree (1) any claim, cause of action or dispute ("Claim") arising out of or related to the TOU or your
    Mechpages use is governed by Texas ("TX") law regardless of your location or any conflict or choice of law
    principle; (2) Claims must be resolved exclusively by state or federal court in Austin, TX (except we may
    seek injunctive remedy anywhere); (3) to submit to personal jurisdiction of said courts; (4) any Claim must be filed
    by 1 year after it arose or be forever barred; (5) not to bring or take part in a class action against Mechpages
    Entities; (6) (except government agencies) to indemnify Mechpages Entities for any damage, loss, and expense (e.g.
    legal fees) arising from claims related to your Mechpages use; (7) you are liable for TOU breaches by affiliates
    (e.g. marketers) paid by you, directly or indirectly (e.g. through an affiliate network); and (8) to pay us for
    breaching or inducing others to breach the "USE" section, not as a penalty, but as a reasonable estimate of our
    damages (actual damages are often hard to calculate): $0.10 per server request, $1 per post, email, flag, or account
    created, $1 per item of PI collected, and $1000 per software distribution, capped at $25,000 per day.
    <br><br>
    MISC. Users complying with prior written licenses may access Mechpages thereby until authorization is terminated.
    Otherwise, this is the exclusive and entire agreement between us. If a TOU term is unenforceable, other terms are
    unaffected. If TOU translations conflict with the English version, English controls. See Privacy Policy for how we
    collect, use and share data.
    <br><br>
    DEFINITIONS.<br>
    “Engagement” means an engagement for Mechanic Services that a Mechanic provides to a Client under a Service Contract
    on the Site.<br>
    “Mechanic Services” means all services performed for or delivered to Clients by Mechanics.<br>
    “Site Services” means all services that are accessible through the Site.<br>
</p>